add freelance jobposting (#5)
zatech/zatech.github.io: faqs/howtojobpost-freelance.markdown

---
layout: page
title: How do I post a freelance job opportunity?
permalink: /faqs/howtojobpost-freelance
---

To post a job opportunity in #freelance-jobpostings you need to use the "Post a Job" workflow. To do this click the ⚡️ icon next to the input bar and fill in the form.

![Workflow freelance jobposting](/images/faq/freelance-job-posting-workflow.png)

> Once the form has been submitted a request will be sent to the admins for approval.

Reviewer: "to an approval team"

> Once the form has been submitted a request will be sent to the admins for approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the form has been submitted a request will be sent to the approval team.
```
